create IRSA with existing role (#3335)
weaveworks/eksctl: userdocs/src/usage/iamserviceaccounts.md

eksctl create iamserviceaccount --cluster=<clusterName> --name=<serviceAccountName> --role-only --role-name=<customRoleName>
```

> When you have an existing role you want to use with a service account you can provide the `--attach-role-arn` flag instead of providing the policies. To ensure the role can only be assumed by the specified service account you should set a [trust relationship policy doucment.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts-technical-overview.html#iam-role-configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have an existing role which you want to use with a service account, you can provide the `--attach-role-arn` flag instead of providing the policies. To ensure the role can only be assumed by the specified service account, you should set a [trust relationship policy document](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts-technical-overview.html#iam-role-configuration).
```
spelling and punctuation

> When you have an existing role you want to use with a service account you can provide the `--attach-role-arn` flag instead of providing the policies. To ensure the role can only be assumed by the specified service account you should set a [trust relationship policy doucment.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts-technical-overview.html#iam-role-configuration)
> 
> ```console
> eksctl create iamserviceaccount --cluster=<clusterName> --name=<serviceAccountName> --attach-role-arn=<customRoleARN>
> ```
> 
> To update a service accounts roles permissions you can run `eksctl update iamserviceaccount`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have an existing role which you want to use with a service account, you can provide the `--attach-role-arn` flag instead of providing the policies. To ensure the role can only be assumed by the specified service account, you should set a [trust relationship policy document](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts-technical-overview.html#iam-role-configuration).

```console
eksctl create iamserviceaccount --cluster=<clusterName> --name=<serviceAccountName> --attach-role-arn=<customRoleARN>
```

To update a service accounts roles permissions you can run `eksctl update iamserviceaccount`.
```

> To update a service accounts roles permissions you can run `eksctl update iamserviceaccount`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update a service accounts roles permissions you can run `eksctl update iamserviceaccount`.
```
punctuation
